Kutaisi International University Dormitory Information


Dormitory Rooms

Dormitory rooms are available only for one or two people.



Room Equipment

When moving into the dormitory, students must bring their own personal items.

The room is provided empty with only essential equipment:

- Bed
- Mattress
- Chair
- Microwaves
- Electric stoves
- Other necessary facilities



Spari Market

A Spari market is located in the F Dormitory.

Opening hours: 09:00 - 24:00



Transportation Dormitory - University

Minibuses travel in circle, from dorms to university and vice versa.

Departure times: :40-:00

Students can also walk to the university. Dorms are about 1km away from university and walking takes 20-30min.


Laundry Facilities

Washing machines and drying machines are available on the -1 floor of the dormitory.

odd numbered rooms have a view of lake

you can connect to KIU_Student wifi in your room or bring your own router

total of 4 floor

3 total dorms, E, G and F

Dormitory Facilities

Students living in the dormitory have access to the following facilities:

Study Room: A quiet room with tables and chairs for studying.
Cinema Room: A room with cinema-style seats and a large TV.
Game Room: A room with tables and chairs for students to relax and socialize.
Chess Room: A room with multiple chess boards and chess clocks.
Gym: A gym available for dormitory residents.
Doctor: A doctor is available every day from 20:00 to 08:00.
Psychology Service: Psychological support is available for dormitory residents.

Dormitory Regulations of LEPL Article 1. General Provisions
1. The purpose of the Dormitory Regulations of LEPL - Kutaisi International University (hereinafter -
"University") is to establish the rules and conditions of accommodation in a dormitory, as well as other
issues related to living in a dormitory.
2. University dormitory buildings are located in Kutaisi, Youth Avenue, 5th Lane, 4600 Georgia.
Article 2. Obtaining the Right to Live in a Dormitory
1. Students with active status and university staff regardless of their citizenship (hereinafter referred to
as "resident/residents") are entitled to temporary live in a dormitory.
2. The resident must be fully vaccinated against Covid-19 to obtain the right to live in a dormitory. An
additional condition for students to live in a dormitory is to be attending university courses non-remotely.
3. The right to live in a dormitory is established on the basis of Student Housing and Inventory Rental
Agreement (hereinafter reffered to as “Agreement”) between the university and the resident, after
submitting the application form for booking a room in a KIU dormitory.
Article 3. Living in a Dormitory
1. After concluding an agreement between the university and the resident, the parties are entitled to
enjoy the rights and fulfill their obligations under the agreement.
2. Two keys of the dormitory room must be kept with the administrator of the Dormitory. One copy of
the key will be handed to the resident.
3. Single and double studio rooms are available at the dormitory. For additional terms, see the Agreement.
Article 4. Resident’s Obligations
1. Apart from the obligations set forth in agreement between the university and the resident, the resident
must fulfil the following rules:
a) Maintain discipline and not to disturb the peace and security of other residents;
b) Not to have a pet/bird in a dormitory;
c) In case of termination of agreement or temporary suspension of the use of dormitory room (for more
than one month), notify the administration of the dormitory in advance, but not later than 7 (seven) days;
d) If necessary, move to another room or another dormitory building at the direction of the dormitory
administration;
e) Upon entering or walking at the dormitory, present the authorization document if the resident is asked
to;
f) Noisy gathering in the room or other dormitory spaces, listening to music loudly and / or action that
disturbs the peace of other residents are prohibited. Permissible noise level during the day in dormitory
areas are 35 dB and during the evening and night 30 dB;
ცვლილება N69, 11/04/2023
g) From Monday to Thursday, 02:00 - 07:00 am, and on Sundays, 03:00 - 07:00 am, relocating within the
premises of the campus and/or entering/leaving the dormitories are restricted apart from exceptional
cases. The resident must notify to the responsible person in the building of the dormitory and request
special access in advance.
h) Residents are restricted from entering and leaving the campus territory from the main checkpoint from
02:00 p.m. to 07:00 a.m. and from the pedestrian gate from 12:00 p.m. to 07:00 a.m., apart from
exceptional cases. The resident must notify to the responsible person in the building of the dormitory and
request special access in advance.
Article 5. Reception of visitors by the Resident
1. The campus resident is obliged to notify the administration of the dormitory about receiving a visitor
by E-mail: dorms@kiu.edu.ge indicating the visitor's name, surname, identification number, vehicle serial
number, at least 24 hours before receiving the visitor/visitors. Notification about weekend visitors must
be made no later than 6:00 p.m. on the last working day of the week.
2. A person can be received as a visitor every day from 07:00 AM to 12:00 PM.
3. One resident can request admission of no more than 3 (three) people as visitors during one day.
Article 6. Use of common room by the resident
1. When the resident uses the room of the common space, the resident is obliged to sign the registration
sheet of the persons responsible for the use of the common space upon receiving the key, and to return
the received key when the use of the room is finished.
2. After the resident receives the key to the common space, he is responsible for both property damage
and disciplinary misconduct in this space.
Article 7. Resident's responsibility for violation of rules
In case of violation of the above rule/rules by the resident, the resident will be subject to disciplinary
responsibility determined by the internal regulatory acts of the university.